docs: add docusaurus (#1)
moxystudio/react-native-with-moxy: docusaurus/docs/what-is-included/available-scripts.md

> ---

Reviewer: We should make note that the iOS binary to upload to TestFlight, i.e., the iOS App Store Package (IPA) file, can only be created through Xcode at the moment.

## `npm build:android:js:dev`

This script will bundle all the files for `Android` using `--dev` flag as true.

You can find the bundle file in `android/app/src/main/assets/index.android.bundle`.

## `npm build:android:js:prod`

This script will bundle all the files for `Android` using `--dev` flag as false.

You can find the bundle file in `android/app/src/main/assets/index.android.bundle`.

## `npm build:android:aab:prod`

This script will generate an Android App Bundle (aab) using `Gradle` `bundleProdRelease`.

## `npm build:android:aab:staging`

This script will generate an Android App Bundle (aab) using `Gradle` `bundleStagingRelease`.

## `npm list:ios:simulators`

This script will list all the available simulators for `iOS`.

## `npm list:android:simulators`

This script will list all the available simulators for `Android`.

## `npm run pods`

This script will install new pods in your project.

Every time the pod install command is run it writes the version it has installed, for each pods, in the `Podfile.lock` file. This file keeps track of the installed version of each pod and locks those versions.

> ## `npm run postinstall`

Reviewer: This script should not be documented as developers do not call it explicitly.

You can find the bundle file in `android/app/src/main/assets/index.android.bundle`.

## `npm run build:android:aab:prod`

This script will create a production-ready [Android App Bundle (AAB)](https://developer.android.com/platform/technology/app-bundle) configured for the staging environment. This is the binary that you should upload to the Google Play Developer Console to release the app.

You can find the AAB file at `android/app/build/outputs/bundle/<flavor>/app-prod.aab`.

## `npm run build:android:aab:staging`

This script will create a production-ready [Android App Bundle (AAB)](https://developer.android.com/platform/technology/app-bundle) configured for the staging environment. This is the binary that you should upload to the Google Play Developer Console to release the app.

You can find the AAB file at `android/app/build/outputs/bundle/<flavor>/app-staging.aab`.

## `npm run list:ios:simulators`

This script will list all the available simulators for iOS.

## `npm run list:android:simulators`

This script will list all the available [Android Virtual Devices (AVD)](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/managing-avds).

## `npm run list:android:devices`

> This script will list all the available physical devices for Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will list all the connected Android devices, either virtual (simulator) or physical.
```

---
id: available-scripts
title: Available Scripts
sidebar_label: Available Scripts
---

> ## TBD

Author: please renew your review since changes were made.

> ## TBD

Reviewer: See my most recent request for changes below! 💪
